README.md, before:

# React Native Translation Control Demo

Este proyecto de demostración permite controlar las traducciones en una aplicación React Native. Utiliza la biblioteca `i18next` para la internacionalización y proporciona un selector de idioma para alternar entre inglés y español.

## Instalación

Siga estos pasos para ejecutar la aplicación en su entorno local:

1. **Clonar el Repositorio**: Clone este repositorio en su máquina local utilizando el siguiente comando:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/maobits/expo-locale-handler.git
   ```

2. **Instalar Dependencias**: Navegue hasta el directorio del proyecto y ejecute el siguiente comando para instalar todas las dependencias:

   ```bash
   cd expo-locale-handler.git
   npm install expo-secure-store i18next intl-pluralrules react-i18next
   ```

3. **Ejecutar la Aplicación**: Una vez que las instalaciones estén completas, puede ejecutar la aplicación en un emulador o dispositivo conectado. Utilice el siguiente comando:

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

   Esto iniciará el servidor de desarrollo de Expo y le proporcionará opciones para ejecutar la aplicación en un emulador, dispositivo físico o web.

## Uso

Una vez que la aplicación esté en funcionamiento, verá una pantalla de bienvenida con un botón para alternar entre inglés y español. Hacer clic en cualquiera de los botones cambiará el idioma de la aplicación según la selección.

## Demostración

### Inglés
![Demostración en Inglés](https://i.ibb.co/Ss4Xxzc/expo-locale-handler-demo-en.jpg)

### Español
![Demostración en Español](https://i.ibb.co/tMTV94C/expo-locale-handler-demo-es.jpg)

## Video Explicativo

[![Video Explicativo](https://i.ibb.co/n6wSCqG/pantallazo-video-explicativo-i18n-react-native.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zw-CbxtQHyk&t=509s)

## Créditos

Este proyecto fue desarrollado por Maobits LLC. como parte del Departamento de Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Móviles. El jefe de departamento es Mauricio Chara Hurtado (@maurollc). Puede comunicarse con el equipo de soporte en code@maobits.com. Información de contacto [www.maobits.com](www.maobits.com).

## Licencia

Este proyecto está licenciado bajo CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0) - Public Domain Dedication. Para obtener más detalles, consulte el archivo LICENSE.md incluido en el repositorio.

Commit message:

Added a README-ES for documentation in Spanish
A README.md is a text file in Markdown format typically found in the root directory of a software project. Its purpose is to provide essential information about the project, including installation instructions, usage, examples, credits, and licensing.

README.md, after:

# React Native Translation Control Demo

This demonstration project allows controlling translations in a React Native application. It utilizes the `i18next` library for internationalization and provides a language selector to toggle between English and Spanish.

## Installation

Follow these steps to run the application in your local environment:

1. **Clone the Repository**: Clone this repository to your local machine using the following command:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/maobits/expo-locale-handler.git
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**: Navigate to the project directory and execute the following command to install all dependencies:

   ```bash
   cd expo-locale-handler.git
   npm install expo-secure-store i18next intl-pluralrules react-i18next
   ```

3. **Run the Application**: Once installations are complete, you can run the application on an emulator or connected device. Use the following command:

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

   This will start the Expo development server and provide you with options to run the application on an emulator, physical device, or web.

## Usage

Once the application is up and running, you'll see a welcome screen with a button to toggle between English and Spanish. Clicking on either of the buttons will change the language of the application according to the selection.

## Demonstration

### English
![English Demo](https://i.ibb.co/Ss4Xxzc/expo-locale-handler-demo-en.jpg)

### Spanish
![Spanish Demo](https://i.ibb.co/tMTV94C/expo-locale-handler-demo-es.jpg)

## Explainer Video

[![Explainer Video](https://i.ibb.co/n6wSCqG/pantallazo-video-explicativo-i18n-react-native.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zw-CbxtQHyk&t=509s)

## Credits

This project was developed by Maobits LLC. as part of the Mobile Application Development Department. The department head is Mauricio Chara Hurtado (@maurollc). You can reach out to the support team at code@maobits.com. Contact information [www.maobits.com](www.maobits.com).

## License

This project is licensed under CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0) - Public Domain Dedication. For more details, refer to the LICENSE.md file included in the repository.
